# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv export --no-hashes --format requirements-txt
-e .
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
aiohttp==3.12.12
    # via
    #   auth0-python
    #   instructor
    #   langchain-community
    #   litellm
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
alembic==1.16.1
    # via
    #   embedchain
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
allure-pytest==2.14.3
    # via pytest-fastapi-template
allure-python-commons==2.14.3
    # via
    #   allure-pytest
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   crewai
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   stack-data
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   allure-python-commons
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   referencing
auth0-python==4.10.0
    # via
    #   crewai
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
backoff==2.2.1
    # via
    #   posthog
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
bcrypt==4.0.1
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via
    #   embedchain
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
blinker==1.9.0
    # via
    #   crewai
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   gptcache
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   kubernetes
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   zstandard
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via
    #   pre-commit
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   requests
chroma-hnswlib==0.7.6
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
chromadb==0.5.23
    # via
    #   crewai
    #   crewai-tools
    #   embedchain
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   crewai
    #   crewai-tools
    #   litellm
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
cohere==5.15.0
    # via
    #   langchain-cohere
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
colorama==0.4.6 ; os_name == 'nt' or sys_platform == 'win32'
    # via
    #   build
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
    #   tqdm
    #   uvicorn
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
crewai==0.130.0
    # via
    #   crewai-tools
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
crewai-tools==0.47.1
    # via pytest-fastapi-template
cryptography==45.0.4
    # via
    #   auth0-python
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via
    #   lancedb
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
distlib==0.3.9
    # via
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   virtualenv
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   openai
    #   posthog
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
docker==7.1.0
    # via
    #   crewai-tools
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via
    #   instructor
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
durationpy==0.10
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
ecdsa==0.19.1
    # via
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   python-jose
elevenlabs==2.3.0
    # via pytest-fastapi-template
embedchain==0.1.128
    # via
    #   crewai-tools
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via
    #   openpyxl
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
executing==2.2.0
    # via
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   stack-data
fastapi==0.115.12
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
fastavro==1.11.1
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   virtualenv
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
fsspec==2025.5.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   kubernetes
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
google-genai==1.20.0
    # via pytest-fastapi-template
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
gptcache==0.1.44
    # via
    #   embedchain
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
greenlet==3.2.3 ; (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'AMD64') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'WIN32') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'aarch64') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'amd64') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'ppc64le') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'win32') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'x86_64')
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.73.0
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   qdrant-client
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   uvicorn
h2==4.2.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
hf-xet==1.1.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
hpack==4.1.0
    # via
    #   h2
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
httptools==0.6.4
    # via
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   uvicorn
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   cohere
    #   elevenlabs
    #   google-genai
    #   langsmith
    #   litellm
    #   openai
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   qdrant-client
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   langchain-community
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
huggingface-hub==0.33.0
    # via
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   tokenizers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via
    #   coloredlogs
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
hyperframe==6.1.0
    # via
    #   h2
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
identify==2.6.12
    # via
    #   pre-commit
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via
    #   litellm
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
instructor==1.8.3
    # via
    #   crewai
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
ipython==9.3.0
    # via
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   pyvis
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
jedi==0.19.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   instructor
    #   litellm
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   pytest-html
    #   pyvis
jiter==0.8.2
    # via
    #   instructor
    #   openai
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
json-repair==0.46.2
    # via
    #   crewai
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
json5==0.12.0
    # via
    #   crewai
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
jsonpickle==4.1.1
    # via
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   pyvis
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   jsonpatch
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
jsonref==1.1.0
    # via
    #   crewai
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
jsonschema==4.24.0
    # via
    #   litellm
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
kubernetes==33.1.0
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
lancedb==0.23.0
    # via
    #   crewai-tools
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
langchain==0.3.25
    # via
    #   embedchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
langchain-cohere==0.3.5
    # via
    #   embedchain
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
langchain-community==0.3.25
    # via
    #   embedchain
    #   langchain-experimental
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
langchain-core==0.3.65
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-cohere
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-experimental
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
langchain-experimental==0.3.4
    # via
    #   langchain-cohere
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
langchain-openai==0.2.14
    # via
    #   embedchain
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
langsmith==0.3.45
    # via
    #   embedchain
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
litellm==1.72.0
    # via
    #   crewai
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
mako==1.3.10
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
mangum==0.19.0
    # via pytest-fastapi-template
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   markdown-it-py
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
mem0ai==0.1.107
    # via
    #   embedchain
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
mmh3==5.1.0
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
monotonic==1.6
    # via
    #   posthog
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   sympy
multidict==6.4.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   typing-inspect
networkx==3.5
    # via
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   pyvis
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via
    #   pre-commit
    #   pyright
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
numpy==2.3.0
    # via
    #   chroma-hnswlib
    #   chromadb
    #   gptcache
    #   lancedb
    #   langchain-community
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pandas
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   qdrant-client
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   requests-oauthlib
onnxruntime==1.22.0
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   crewai
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
openai==1.86.0
    # via
    #   crewai
    #   crewai-tools
    #   embedchain
    #   instructor
    #   langchain-openai
    #   litellm
    #   mem0ai
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via
    #   crewai
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
opentelemetry-api==1.34.1
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   crewai
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-common==1.34.1
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc==1.34.1
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http==1.34.1
    # via
    #   crewai
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
opentelemetry-instrumentation==0.55b1
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi==0.55b1
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi==0.55b1
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
opentelemetry-proto==1.34.1
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-common
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
opentelemetry-sdk==1.34.1
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   crewai
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
opentelemetry-semantic-conventions==0.55b1
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
opentelemetry-util-http==0.55b1
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
orjson==3.10.18
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   langsmith
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
overrides==7.7.0
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   lancedb
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   build
    #   deprecation
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lancedb
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   onnxruntime
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
pandas==2.3.0
    # via
    #   langchain-cohere
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
parso==0.8.4
    # via
    #   jedi
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
passlib==1.7.4
    # via pytest-fastapi-template
pdfminer-six==20250506
    # via
    #   pdfplumber
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
pdfplumber==0.11.7
    # via
    #   crewai
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   pdfplumber
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   allure-python-commons
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   qdrant-client
posthog==3.25.0
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   embedchain
    #   mem0ai
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
pre-commit==4.2.0
    # via pytest-fastapi-template
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   yarl
protobuf==5.29.5
    # via
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   onnxruntime
    #   opentelemetry-proto
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   qdrant-client
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   stack-data
pyarrow==20.0.0
    # via
    #   lancedb
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   cffi
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
pydantic==2.11.5
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   cohere
    #   crewai
    #   crewai-tools
    #   elevenlabs
    #   fastapi
    #   google-genai
    #   instructor
    #   lancedb
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-cohere
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   litellm
    #   mem0ai
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   qdrant-client
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   elevenlabs
    #   instructor
    #   pydantic
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via
    #   auth0-python
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
pypdf==5.6.0
    # via
    #   embedchain
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
pypdfium2==4.30.1
    # via
    #   pdfplumber
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
pypika==0.48.9
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
pyreadline3==3.5.4 ; sys_platform == 'win32'
    # via humanfriendly
pyright==1.1.402
    # via
    #   crewai-tools
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
pysbd==0.3.4
    # via
    #   embedchain
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
pytest==8.4.0
    # via
    #   allure-pytest
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   pytest-html
    #   pytest-metadata
pytest-html==4.1.1
    # via pytest-fastapi-template
pytest-metadata==3.1.1
    # via
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   pytest-html
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   pandas
    #   posthog
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   crewai
    #   embedchain
    #   litellm
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   uvicorn
python-jose==3.5.0
    # via pytest-fastapi-template
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via pytest-fastapi-template
pytube==15.0.0
    # via
    #   crewai-tools
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   mem0ai
    #   pandas
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
pyvis==0.3.2
    # via
    #   crewai
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
pywin32==310 ; sys_platform == 'win32'
    # via
    #   docker
    #   portalocker
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   kubernetes
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   pre-commit
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   uvicorn
qdrant-client==1.14.2
    # via
    #   mem0ai
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   crewai
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   tiktoken
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   auth0-python
    #   cohere
    #   crewai-tools
    #   docker
    #   elevenlabs
    #   google-genai
    #   gptcache
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   instructor
    #   kubernetes
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   posthog
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   embedchain
    #   instructor
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   typer
rpds-py==0.25.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   python-jose
schema==0.7.7
    # via
    #   embedchain
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   ecdsa
    #   kubernetes
    #   posthog
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
soupsieve==2.7
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
sqlalchemy==2.0.41
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   embedchain
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   mem0ai
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
starlette==0.46.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
sympy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   langchain-cohere
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   instructor
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via
    #   crewai-tools
    #   langchain-openai
    #   litellm
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
tokenizers==0.20.3
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   cohere
    #   crewai
    #   litellm
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   crewai
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
tomli-w==1.2.0
    # via
    #   crewai
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lancedb
    #   openai
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
typer==0.16.0
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   instructor
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
types-requests==2.32.4.20250611
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   chromadb
    #   cohere
    #   elevenlabs
    #   fastapi
    #   google-genai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipython
    #   langchain-core
    #   mangum
    #   openai
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyright
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   auth0-python
    #   docker
    #   kubernetes
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   qdrant-client
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
uv==0.7.13
    # via
    #   crewai
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
uvicorn==0.34.3
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   uvicorn
virtualenv==20.31.2
    # via
    #   pre-commit
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
watchfiles==1.0.5
    # via
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   prompt-toolkit
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
websockets==15.0.1
    # via
    #   elevenlabs
    #   google-genai
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
    #   uvicorn
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
yarl==1.20.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
zipp==3.23.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   pytest-fastapi-template
